Ouch.
Sir?
What's the matter, we just arrested someone
He took out a token
Please show me the truth.
What token?
Get it now
Oh my god
What happened to the conversion?
Hurry up where is the person you said
It's downstairs.
What's the matter sir
Really big shot?
You're courting death
More than just big shots
He's a real deal maker.
Take me there now
Who is calling him?
Kyushu Zhanshuai
Ask them to be safe
The boy is still pretending to be calm
The captain will be back in a while to see how you died
I think so.
It should be you who died
Still catching Lao Tzu
If you don't smoke today, you can't be sorry for my temper
Stop
Chief, captain, you are back